# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

<!-- ## [Unreleased]

### Added
- Added core functionality for automation tasks.
- Implemented configuration file support.
- Added logging and error handling.
- Provided sample scripts and usage documentation.

### Changed
- Improved code structure and modularity.
- Updated dependencies to latest versions.

### Fixed
- Fixed minor bugs in task scheduling.
-->

## [0.0.2-alpha-1] - 2025-09-23

### Changed
- main.py now just initiates deployment() function. All other actions were removed/moved to other files.
- connector.py now have support for logging and, if try fails, it raises an exception.
- "deployment" folder is now resposible to store both "to_deploy" and "deployed".

### Added
- Created folder "core" to store basic code files.
- Created support for logging in every step of the deployment. Now, each device will have their own folder/files inside folder "deployment/deployed/< hostname >
- Created deployment.py that will handle functions related to depoloyment and re-configurations.


### Removed
- Almost every print from code since information will be handled by logging.
- Removed old log files from folder "log/netmiko". Folder was left in the code for future usage. 

## [0.0.1-alpha-2] - 2025-09-23

### Changed
- Updated incorrect configuration from .examples/config_example.yaml
- Moved folder "created" to .examples/
- Configuration generated by Jinja2 is now saved in a file in the main script.
- Session log is now stored in the device's folder in "deployed" and it's added to the yaml dict in the main code

### Added
- Project initialized with minimum viable product.
- Supports device connection via SSH and Telnet.
- Creates configuration from yaml file.
- Created folder "deployed" to store deployed device's information
- Added second file to folder "to_deploy" to exemplify the operation
- Created folder "logs/netmiko" that will store each run in a different file, not by device. It was create that way to store each time the code runs, to create a unique file to all devices.

### Removed
- vIOS configuration files from .example
- Unused configuration from yaml files in .example/created/
- leaf.txt file
- test-delay.log file
- test_rt.yaml file

## [0.0.1-alpha-1] - 2025-09-22

### Added
- Project initialized with minimum viable product.
- Supports device connection via SSH and Telnet.
- Creates configuration from yaml file.

---

*This changelog follows [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).*